README.md, before:


# BLOCKS Playground

This project is developed to provide a more friendly platform to develop programs for ROLI Lightpad Block / Lightpad M devices.

The webpage also acts as a Lightpad Block Simulator. The simulated pad can receive mouse / touch input events to test / play the Javascript code.

# Disclaimer

Please note that this is not an official ROLI application. This web application is developed by third-party developer.

### Features:

- Write code in Javascript

- Live preview (same with BLOCKS Code)

- Simulated Device Support: Show Bitmap LED & Perform touch events on web UI)

- Sample Code Catalog (and you can submit your awesome code to us if you like!)

### Known issues:

- Only 1 Lightpad device is supported.

- Unable to switch back to Simulated Lightpad after disconnecting real device.

- Sometimes error message is displayed but code executes successfully.


### Supported APIs:

(More API support coming soon)

- makeARGB(a, r, g, b)

- blendARGB(baseColor, overlaidColor)

- fillPixel(rgb, x, y)

- blendPixel(argb, x, y)

- fillRect(rgb, x, y, width, height)

- blendRect(argb, x, y, width, height)

- blendGradientRect(colorNW, colorNE, colorSW, colorSE, x, y, width, height)

- addPressurePoint(argb, touchX, touchY, touchZ)

- drawPressureMap()

- fadePressureMap()

- sendMIDI(byte0[, byte1[, byte2]])

- sendNoteOn(channel, noteNumber, velocity)

- sendNoteOff(channel, noteNumber, velocity)

- sendAftertouch(channel, noteNumber, level)

- sendCC(channel, controller, value)

- sendPC(channel, program)

- sendPitchBend(channel, position)

- sendChannelPressure(channel, pressure)

### Supported Callback Functions:

(More API support coming soon)

- initialise()

- repaint()

- touchStart(touchIndex, x, y, vz)

- touchMove(touchIndex, x, y, vz)

- touchEnd(touchIndex, x, y, vz)

### For Feedback

(Report Problems, Suggestions or your awesome code)

Please provide your feedback here: [https://goo.gl/forms/Bw8nu2fYjmVWb4pe2](https://goo.gl/forms/Bw8nu2fYjmVWb4pe2)

### License

GPL 3.0

Commit message:

Updated README to provide official Littlefoot documentation link.

README.md, after:


# BLOCKS Playground

This project is developed to provide a more friendly platform to develop programs for ROLI Lightpad Block / Lightpad M devices.

The webpage also acts as a Lightpad Block Simulator. The simulated pad can receive mouse / touch input events to test / play the Javascript code.

# Disclaimer

Please note that this is not an official ROLI application. This web application is developed by third-party developer.

### Features:

- Write code in Javascript

- Live preview (same with BLOCKS Code)

- Simulated Device Support: Show Bitmap LED & Perform touch events on web UI)

- Sample Code Catalog (and you can submit your awesome code to us if you like!)

### Known issues:

- Only 1 Lightpad device is supported.

- Unable to switch back to Simulated Lightpad after disconnecting real device.

- Sometimes error message is displayed but code executes successfully.


### Supported APIs:

(More API support coming soon)

- makeARGB(a, r, g, b)

- blendARGB(baseColor, overlaidColor)

- fillPixel(rgb, x, y)

- blendPixel(argb, x, y)

- fillRect(rgb, x, y, width, height)

- blendRect(argb, x, y, width, height)

- blendGradientRect(colorNW, colorNE, colorSW, colorSE, x, y, width, height)

- addPressurePoint(argb, touchX, touchY, touchZ)

- drawPressureMap()

- fadePressureMap()

- sendMIDI(byte0[, byte1[, byte2]])

- sendNoteOn(channel, noteNumber, velocity)

- sendNoteOff(channel, noteNumber, velocity)

- sendAftertouch(channel, noteNumber, level)

- sendCC(channel, controller, value)

- sendPC(channel, program)

- sendPitchBend(channel, position)

- sendChannelPressure(channel, pressure)

Check out the details of these functions at [official ROLI Littlefoot documenation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hOoDw-N50Qhsd_UuBrjvns9nIDMph2tG9ToD93ezXlo/edit).

### Supported Callback Functions:

(More API support coming soon)

- initialise()

- repaint()

- touchStart(touchIndex, x, y, vz)

- touchMove(touchIndex, x, y, vz)

- touchEnd(touchIndex, x, y, vz)

### For Feedback

(Report Problems, Suggestions or your awesome code)

Please provide your feedback here: [https://goo.gl/forms/Bw8nu2fYjmVWb4pe2](https://goo.gl/forms/Bw8nu2fYjmVWb4pe2)

### License

GPL 3.0
